#!/bin/bash
#Xee Ho Vang
#Week 7

# I have reviewed "An Industry Guide to Becoming a Software Engineer" essay by Bill Langenberg. In my opinion and response to his essay, I would like to break this into three parts. First is by asking yourself if this software engineer is something that I like. Second part is to be prepared for the interview. Finally, last part on what would I do once I got the position.

# First of all, I would ask myself if this is something for me. Do I like coding and programming? If my answer is yes then I can proceed further with my next step. I would start coding at an early age if I could. I would go to a coding school that will improve my coding skills. I would associate with coding friends, classmates and instructors. I would make friends with those who enjoy coding as I do. I would make friends with those who have the same interest in coding or related to IT field. I think this is a good idea because when I run into a coding problem or IT related problem, these are the one that I would turn to for help. There are the ones that I would brainstorm and try to solve a problem with.

# Secondly, interviewing with an employer is not an easy task. By posting my resume out online won't guarantee me a job. I will have to be prepared. To stay on top of other candidates, I would have to know my stuffs. Before the interview, I would research on how the employer culture is, how many members in my team, what is their workplace enviroment like and last but not lease what are some code languages that they run and being implemented. I would need to be prepared to answer and explain what I have on my resume. The more I know, the higher chance of getting hired. I shouldn't just concentrate on just coding languages. By knowing related IT technology such hardwares, security and networking will also make me standout. I would need to show them that I am willing to learn and grow with the employer. 

# Last but not least, I am agreed with Bill on his final remark, "Practice make perfect" and "Don't chase the higher paycheck, especially early in your carreer. Find the best opportunity." As I am new to this IT field, everything about IT is still blurry and not clear to me. I'm learning as I go so practice is my best and only option to better myself at coding and getting to know IT related fields. As for carreer, I am absulutely agreed with Bill. I would accept a position where I can learn and grow with the employer. As time goes by, I would challege myself and move up as I gain more knownlege. Implementation is not something that I know I've done by myself. I would have to work with my coding colleages and other team such as Help desk support, IT admin, security team and other networking to team to implement, troubleshoot and get a problem resolved.

# In conlusion, becoming a software engineer is not an easy road. I would have to ask myself if this is something right for me. I would have to be prepared mentally and physically for school and interviews. Once I landed a position, I would have to get involve with my colleages and other teams to implement my codes and get problems resolved.
